This is my 5th iteration of this project, and while I havent managed to get the same level of
improvements from the 4th as i did leaving i3, I am proud to say that my work is only getting
better.  While this iteration is still unfinished, I have lasted longer both feature wise and
content wise than any other iteration, and am now in uncharted territories.

Iteration 1 can be found on my "Personal Projects" repo, and is entirely different from what you
can see here.  Iterations 2 and 3 will not be put on GitHub, as I no longer have the source code,
and do not wish to recreate them. The only features I remain proud of from those iterations was
the stitched tilemap and dynamic room population, both of which remain in the project, though not
in the same state that they originated as. Iteration 4 can be found through the commit history of
this repo, before March 20, 2026.

What each iteration improved on:
Iteration 1: Started this project.  i1 is an unfinished text based dungeon crawler.
             There were planned systems for save/load, combat, and looting.  Game
             was controlled through terminal commands (eg. go north), and was not
             optimized particularly well.

Iteration 2: Complete rewrite of the code, i2 gave the game graphics for both the
             dungeon and the room maps.  Room generation had a complete overhaul,
             with procedurally generating layouts.  Similarly to i1, this game was
             incomplete, with planned systems for player control, combat, and the
             stitched tilemap system.

Iteration 3: Partial rewrite of i2, with dungeon generation having a complete rewrite.
             This iteration was incredibly unoptimized, though I really liked the room
             system.  This was also the first implementation of the stitched tilemap
             and full dungeon view. Enemies were added for this iteration, but I couldnt
             get them to do anything.

Iteration 4: Complete rewrite of the program. Dungeon and Room generation entirely
             reworked. There is a major focus on optimization this iteration, as well
             as fixing the issues from previous iterations.

Iteration 5: Pipeline rewrite from i4 after I ran into a roadblock
             with the implementation. Lots of extra tweaks, and the debugger and visualizer
             is the best one I have made so far. Goals here are to build a functional item
             system before the inevitable rewrite for i6. As of writing this, I have a
             framework being built behind the .gitignore, as I am only testing out possible
             features before I ship anything, even into beta. This iteration is an important
             milestone, as this is the first time I am proud enough of my code to keep the
             vast majority through a rewrite.

Iteration 6: Full code rewrite in Rust. I will no longer be updating this repo, and will
             make a new one for the rust code. I intend to keep most of the logic from i5,
             as I am still proud of it, but will have to translate it into a different
             language. The new repository should be up on github shortly.